World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) W3C Standards Participate Membership About W3C Site Navigation Web for All Accessibility Internationalization Web Security Privacy Web and Industry Automotive and Transportation Entertainment (TV and Broadcasting) Publishing Web Payments Web of Data Web and Telecommunications Web of Things W3C Work Groups Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct Participant guidebook W3C Community Groups Get a W3C Account Dev Resources API Validators W3C cheatsheet More Open Source Software Web Platform Tests W3Cx (Training) Skip News W3C calls for nominations in the election for the Board of Directors of W3C, Inc. 25 July 2022 | Archive W3C today called for nominations by W3C Members for people to stand for election in the Board of Directors of W3C, Incorporated. The election is scheduled to begin in a month. W3C Members will compose a majority of the voting seats of the Board of Directors, to bring a diverse multi-stakeholder perspective from the W3C Membership. The Board of Directors Job Description has more details. Nominations are listed publicly, as they are made. Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) v1.0 is a W3C Recommendation 19 July 2022 | Archive The Decentralized Identifier Working Group has published Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) v1.0 as a W3C Recommendation. This document defines Decentralized identifiers (DIDs), a new type of identifier that enables verifiable, decentralized digital identity. A DID identifies any subject (e.g., a person, organization, thing, data model, abstract entity, etc.) that the controller of the DID decides that it identifies. In contrast to typical, federated identifiers, DIDs have been designed so that they may be decoupled from centralized registries, identity providers, and certificate authorities. DIDs are URIs that associate a DID subject with a DID document allowing trustable interactions associated with that subject. Each DID document can express cryptographic material, verification methods, or services, which provide a set of mechanisms enabling a DID controller to prove control of the DID. Please read our Press Release to learn more about this tool to empower everyone on the web with privacy-respecting online identity and consent-based data sharing. First Public Working Draft: Payment Request API 1.1 26 July 2022 | Archive The Web Payments Working Group has published a First Public Working Draft of Payment Request API 1.1. This specification standardizes an API to allow merchants (i.e. web sites selling physical or digital goods) to utilize one or more payment methods with minimal integration. User agents (e.g., browsers) facilitate the payment flow between merchant and user. The 1.1 version makes some clarifications about how to process optional data to payment request, and adds the ability to pass optional data when a payment response calls .complete(). Working Group Note: MathML Media-type Declarations 25 July 2022 | Archive The Math Working Group has published MathML Media-type Declarations as a Group Note. Internet Media Types are used in email, HTTP and other places to indicate the format of documents. This Note contains media types for MathML. They were previously published as part of the MathML3 specification. The Note serves to give them a separate, stable address, as the MathML version 3 specification is replaced by version 4 and possibly other versions after that. Working Group Note: Accessibility of Remote Meetings 22 July 2022 | Archive The Accessible Platform Architectures Working Group has published Accessibility of Remote Meetings as a Group Note. It is a companion to the W3C resource: How to Make Your Presentations and Meetings Accessible to All. Remote meeting is an umbrella term used to describe real-time discussions or presentations held between two or more parties online. The issues faced by people with disabilities will vary depending on the implementation of accessibility requirements and current limitations of remote meeting software. While W3C has applicable guidance across several standards and Notes relating to real-time communication and XR, it is this level of complexity that this document endeavors to address. For more information, see the blog post Accessibility of Remote Meetings Published as W3C Group Note. W3C offers an Inclusion Fund and Fellowships for TPAC 2022 15 July 2022 | Archive As 60% of the world is now online, we want and need to reflect the diversity of the whole world as more people continue to access, use and create the web. We believe that more diversity means better representation, which leads to better and more inclusive design. More diversity also brings higher quality results. We are opening today the W3C TPAC Inclusion Fund & Honorarium Fellowships applications, until 31 July. Both offerings are designed for people from an under-represented group who wouldn’t be able to attend or meaningfully contribute to TPAC without financial support. We are grateful to this year’s sponsors W3C, Coil, Siteimprove, Igalia and an anonymous donor. You can read more about these programs on the TPAC 2022 registration page, and you can read our CEO Jeff Jaffe 2022 update on diversity and inclusion at W3C. W3C Invites Implementations of CSS Color Module Level 4 5 July 2022 | Archive The CSS Working Group invites implementations of a Candidate Recommendation Snapshot of CSS Color Module Level 4. This specification describes CSS <color> values, and properties for foreground color and group opacity. CSS is a language for describing the rendering of structured documents (such as HTML and XML) on screen, on paper, etc. W3C to become a public-interest non-profit organization 28 June 2022 | Archive We are pleased to announce today that W3C is to become a public-interest non-profit organization. The design of the new legal entity has been taking several years because of the imperative to preserve the core mission of the Consortium to shepherd the web by developing open standards with contributions from W3C Members, staff, and the international community. In the months leading to the launch of a new legal entity in January 2023, we will release further details. Please find more information in our media advisory about the original Hosted model that is being replaced and what it helped W3C accomplish in 28 years, the reasons for change and why we must preserve our standards development process, and our next steps. More news… Talks and Appearances Events 2022-09-12 (12 SEP) – 2022-09-16 (16 SEP) TPAC 2022 - Hybrid meeting Main in-person hub: Vancouver, CA About W3C The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is an international community that develops open standards to ensure the long-term growth of the Web. Donations Become a Friend of W3C: support the W3C mission and free developer tools. W3C Blog Redirecting to https on all of www.w3.org 25 July 2022 by Gerald Oskoboiny Accessibility of Remote Meetings Published as W3C Group Note 22 July 2022 by Ruoxi Ran Diversity and Inclusion at W3C: 2022 figures 13 July 2022 by Jeff Jaffe Jobs and fellowship at W3C North America Business Development Lead Automotive & Transportation Champion Web accessibility development and operations lead Featured W3C Member Web Accessibility and W3C standards (Video) Watch our video on Web Accessibility and W3C standards! Footer Navigation Navigation Home Standards Participate Membership About W3C Contact W3C Contact Help and FAQ Sponsor / Donate Site Map Feedback W3C Updates Copyright © 2022 W3C ® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang) Usage policies apply.
